#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile '.\requirements.in'
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-minify-html
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via reportlab
confusable-homoglyphs==3.2.0
    # via django-registration
crispy-bulma==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   crispy-bulma
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-cabinet
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-markdownx
    #   django-minify-html
    #   django-registration
    #   django-select2
    #   django-username-email
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via
    #   django-imagekit
    #   django-select2
django-cabinet==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-capture-tag==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-crispy-forms==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   crispy-bulma
django-imagefield==0.22.0
    # via django-cabinet
django-imagekit==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-markdown-deux==1.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-markdownx==4.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-minify-html==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-registration==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-select2==8.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tree-queries==0.20.0
    # via django-cabinet
django-username-email==2.5.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-webpack-loader==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dsnparse==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-markdownx
markdown2==2.3.9
    # via django-markdown-deux
minify-html==0.15.0
    # via django-minify-html
packaging==24.1
    # via gunicorn
pdfrw==0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pilkit==3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-imagekit
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-imagefield
    #   django-markdownx
    #   pilkit
    #   reportlab
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pydash==8.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pypdf==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
reportlab==4.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via pydash
